[openstack.baremetal_compute.v1]
baremetalcompute_aggregate_add_node = moganclient.osc.v1.aggregate:AggregateAddNode
baremetalcompute_aggregate_create = moganclient.osc.v1.aggregate:CreateAggregate
baremetalcompute_aggregate_delete = moganclient.osc.v1.aggregate:DeleteAggregate
baremetalcompute_aggregate_list = moganclient.osc.v1.aggregate:ListAggregate
baremetalcompute_aggregate_list_node = moganclient.osc.v1.aggregate:AggregateListNode
baremetalcompute_aggregate_remove_node = moganclient.osc.v1.aggregate:AggregateRemoveNode
baremetalcompute_aggregate_set = moganclient.osc.v1.aggregate:SetAggregate
baremetalcompute_aggregate_show = moganclient.osc.v1.aggregate:ShowAggregate
baremetalcompute_aggregate_unset = moganclient.osc.v1.aggregate:UnsetAggregate
baremetalcompute_availability_zone_list = moganclient.osc.v1.availability_zone:ListAvailabilityZone
baremetalcompute_console_url_show = moganclient.osc.v1.server:ShowConsoleURL
baremetalcompute_flavor_create = moganclient.osc.v1.flavor:CreateFlavor
baremetalcompute_flavor_delete = moganclient.osc.v1.flavor:DeleteFlavor
baremetalcompute_flavor_list = moganclient.osc.v1.flavor:ListFlavor
baremetalcompute_flavor_set = moganclient.osc.v1.flavor:SetFlavor
baremetalcompute_flavor_show = moganclient.osc.v1.flavor:ShowFlavor
baremetalcompute_flavor_unset = moganclient.osc.v1.flavor:UnsetFlavor
baremetalcompute_keypair_create = moganclient.osc.v1.keypair:CreateKeyPair
baremetalcompute_keypair_delete = moganclient.osc.v1.keypair:DeleteKeyPair
baremetalcompute_keypair_list = moganclient.osc.v1.keypair:ListKeyPair
baremetalcompute_keypair_show = moganclient.osc.v1.keypair:ShowKeyPair
baremetalcompute_manageable_server_list = moganclient.osc.v1.manageable_server:ListManageableServer
baremetalcompute_node_list = moganclient.osc.v1.node:ListNode
baremetalcompute_server_add_floating_ip = moganclient.osc.v1.server:AddFloatingIP
baremetalcompute_server_add_port = moganclient.osc.v1.server:AddInterface
baremetalcompute_server_create = moganclient.osc.v1.server:CreateServer
baremetalcompute_server_delete = moganclient.osc.v1.server:DeleteServer
baremetalcompute_server_group_create = moganclient.osc.v1.server_group:CreateServerGroup
baremetalcompute_server_group_delete = moganclient.osc.v1.server_group:DeleteServerGroup
baremetalcompute_server_group_list = moganclient.osc.v1.server_group:ListServerGroup
baremetalcompute_server_group_show = moganclient.osc.v1.server_group:ShowServerGroup
baremetalcompute_server_list = moganclient.osc.v1.server:ListServer
baremetalcompute_server_lock = moganclient.osc.v1.server:LockServer
baremetalcompute_server_manage = moganclient.osc.v1.manageable_server:ManageServer
baremetalcompute_server_netinfo = moganclient.osc.v1.server:ShowServerNetworkInfo
baremetalcompute_server_reboot = moganclient.osc.v1.server:RebootServer
baremetalcompute_server_rebuild = moganclient.osc.v1.server:RebuildServer
baremetalcompute_server_remove_floating_ip = moganclient.osc.v1.server:RemoveFloatingIP
baremetalcompute_server_remove_port = moganclient.osc.v1.server:RemoveInterface
baremetalcompute_server_set = moganclient.osc.v1.server:SetServer
baremetalcompute_server_show = moganclient.osc.v1.server:ShowServer
baremetalcompute_server_start = moganclient.osc.v1.server:StartServer
baremetalcompute_server_stop = moganclient.osc.v1.server:StopServer
baremetalcompute_server_unlock = moganclient.osc.v1.server:UnLockServer
baremetalcompute_server_unset = moganclient.osc.v1.server:UnsetServer

[openstack.cli.extension]
baremetal_compute = moganclient.osc.plugin

