AutoArchive ver. 1.4.1
**********************

A simple backup utility.

Copyright (C) 2003 - 2017 Robert Cernansky


Program Description
===================

**AutoArchive** is a simple utility to help create backups more
easily.  The idea of the program is that all essential information for
creating a single backup---such as list of directories that should be
archived, the archive name, etc.---is stored in a single file -- the
*archive specification file*.  It can use 'tar' for creating archives,
it has a command line interface and supports incremental backups.

Archive specification files, also called ".aa files" are normally
stored in a predefined location from where they are processed by the
"aa" command which results to creating of a corresponding *backup* for
each.

Command "autoarchive" is alias for "aa"; these commands are
equivalent.


Usage
=====

   aa [options] [command] [AA_SPEC]...
   autoarchive [options] [command] [AA_SPEC]...

For complete list of command line options please see the *aa*(1)
manual page or *AutoArchive User Manual*.

Most of the options can be specified also in *configuration files* and
in the *archive specification file* (by using the long option form and
leaving out leading dashes) -- see *aa.conf*(5) and *aa_arch_spec*(5)
manual pages or *Configuration Files Description* and *Archive
Specification File Description* sections in the *AutoArchive User
Manual* for complete list of options that can be specified there.
Command line options has higher priority than options in configuration
files but lower priority than the ones in the archive specification
file.  "--force-*" options are available for the purpose of overriding
some of the options specified in the *.aa file*.

Boolean options can also have a negation form defined.  It has the
"no-" prefix before the option name.  For example: "--incremental" vs.
"--no-incremental".  The negation form has always higher priority than
the normal form.

*AA_SPEC* is the *archive specification file argument*.  It determines
the *archive specification file* that shall be processed.  None,
single or multiple *AA_SPEC* arguments are allowed.  If option "--all"
or command "--list" is specified then no *AA_SPEC* argument is
required.  Otherwise at least single *AA_SPEC* argument is required.
If it contains the ".aa" extension then it is taken as the path to an
archive specification file.  Otherwise, if specified without the
extension, the corresponding *.aa file* is searched in the *archive
specifications directory*.


Contacting the Author
=====================

Comments, bug reports, wishes, donations for this piece of software
are welcomed.  You can send them via the project page at
http://sourceforge.net/projects/autoarchive/ or use e-mail
openhs@users.sourceforge.net.

Homepage: http://autoarchive.sourceforge.net/.
